 The lack of snow in the mountains worries hoteliers 
 Not only maintainers are concerned Krkonoše ski lifts in the ski without snow. 
 The lack of snow makes people not book ski stays in hotels. 
 So in Krkonoše still free rooms are available for all winter dates, including Christmas Eve and New Year. 
 We have many visitors to our sites. 
 People look at the offers, check prices, but still afraid to book an engagement. 
 And if we are called, immediately asked about our opinion, if this Christmas there will be snow or mud, "said the maintainer Spindl.Info Martin Jandura information portal. 
 Those who want to spend New Year in Spindleruv Mlyn one according to their expectations, they should not hesitate any longer to book your stay. 
 Those who prefer to save money and get quality accommodation at second, it can try waiting a few days. 
 Spindleruv Mlyn hoteliers offer weekly stays mainly for New Year. 
 U.S.: Repetition is the mother of wisdom 
 It's funny that Barack Obama, President with the smartest man reputation as a diligent student repeats the Afghan question the strategy of his predecessor, whom he mistook for the silliest. 
 When he finally revealed his approach Afghan eagerly awaited, it was shown that is a copy of the script used by Bush for Iraq, created three years ago. 
 Not only in the same text repeatedly uses the phrase "As in Iraq," but not hesitate to use the title of Bush's statement of January 2007 for his own statement: "A new way forward". 
 It was he himself who three years ago, Bush criticized the idea of sending military reinforcements to Iraq, the country suffering from civil war. And that criticized him as "an irresponsible decision and with catastrophic consequences." 
 The following months, however, showed that Bush's strategy, based on recommendations from field captains, was the only possible and successful, so that today no one speaks nothing of Iraq on the news. 
 Bush's reputation was not improved, but objectively he left his successor an initial situation much more favorable than expected. 
 In Afghanistan, Barack Obama hopes to repeat the miracle. 
 Masters field again ask you to increase the military contingent, especially the commander of the Afghan operation McCristal General Stanley. He, even though the traditional subordinate relations, subjected the rifle undecided in the White House to a harsh criticism. 
 He asked for 40,000 men to improve the situation. 
 The bank Goldman Sachs will no longer receive cash bonuses 
 Top executives of Goldman Sachs this year will not receive cash bonuses. 
 The agency announced in reacting to harsh criticism of its wage practices. 
 The group of 30 senior executives will receive, in lieu of money, shares may not be sold in a minimum of five years. 
 In addition, the shares may be withdrawn if they had taken excessive risks. 
 According to Reuters, Goldman Sachs has thus become the leader in the effort to unite the bonuses on Wall Street with the long-term power. 
 I guess Wall Street is fully aware of the longer road to be undertaken, said the former bank JPMorgan investor of the entity Douglas Elliott. 
 The problem is in the details, he added. 
 Goldman Sachs faced criticism after paragraph almost 17,000 million (about CZK 300,000 million) for bonuses in the first three quarters this year. 
 The sum total of the bonuses in the state for this year, according to Reuters, is likely to outweigh, in spite of the move announced today, the 20,000 million. 
 High bonuses in the banking sector became, with the advent of the financial crisis, a sensitive issue in politics. 
 Britain announced Wednesday it plans a one-time tax, a tax of fifty per cent, for banking bonuses in excess of 25,000 pounds (about CZK 712,000). 
 France is also preparing similar measures. 
