 The lack of snow in the mountains concerns the hotel 
 Not only the mantenedores of telesquíes in Krkonoše preoccupations avenues without snow. 
 The lack of snow makes people do not reserve ski stays in hotels and pensions. 
 Therefore, in Krkonoše can still be achieved free rooms for all the winter dates, including for Christmas Eve and attitude. 
 We have many visitors in our pages. 
 The people look offers, observed prices, but still has a fear of book with commitment. 
 And if we call, ask immediately on our opinion, if these Christmas will have snow or mud, "mentioned the mantenedor of the portal for information Spindl. Info Martin Jandura. 
 Those who want to move in a Špindlerův Mlýn satisfied according to their expectations, should not hesitate in reserve the stay. 
 Those who prefer to save money and bring the quality of accommodation Secondly, can try to wait a few days. 
 The hotel of Špindlerův Mlýn offer especially weekly stays for attitude. 
 EE.UU.: the repetition is the mother of the wisdom 
 It is true that Barack Obama, the President with the reputation of the man more intelligent, as a pupil diligent repeated in the Afghan question the strategy of his predecessor, he took on the most stupid. 
 When we finally revealed its Afghan approach, waiting with bated breath, showed that it is a copy of the script used to Iraq by Bush, established three years ago. 
 Not only in the same text is used several times the "everyone as in Iraq," but not hesitated to use the title of Bush's statement of January 2007 for their own statement: "a new way forward '. 
 It was he who, three years criticized the idea of Bush's new military reinforcements sent to Iraq, the country is suffering by the civil war, and that is criticised as "an irresponsible decision and with catastrophic consequences." 
 The following months, however, showed that the strategy of Bush, based on the recommendations of captains of field, was the only possible and successful, so that today we are not talking none of Iraq in the news. 
 The reputation of Bush does not improved, however objectively ceased to his successor an initial situation much more favourable than could have been expected. 
 In Afghanistan, Barack Obama expects to retake the miracle. 
 The captains of field again ask you to expand the military contingent, especially the commander-in-chief of the Afghan operation General Stanley McCristal. It, even though the traditional subordinate relations, subject to the fusileros hesitant in the White House to a sharp criticism. 
 Asked 40 men in order to improve the situation. 
 The managers of the bank Goldman Sachs will not receive the cash bonuses 
 The senior executives of the American bank Goldman Sachs receive this year the bonuses in cash. 
 The entity we announced to react to the harsh criticism of their practices of salary. 
 The group of 30 senior managers will receive, instead of money, actions which may not be sold at a minimum period of five years. 
 Moreover, the actions can be withdrawn in the case of which had assumed excessive risks. 
 According to the agency Reuters, Goldman Sachs became the leader in the effort to unite the bonuses on Wall Street with the power in the long term. 
 I assume that Wall Street is fully aware of the longest journey must undertake, mentioned the former investor banking of entity JPMorgan Douglas Elliott. 
 The devil is in the details, added. 
 The bank Goldman Sachs faced criticism after paragraph almost 17 million dollars (almost 300 million CZK) for the bonuses, in the first three quarters of this year. 
 The total sum of bonuses in the entity for this year, according to the agency Reuters, probably exceeds, despite the measure announced today, 20 million dollars. 
 The high bonuses in the banking sector became, with the arrival of the financial crisis, in a sensitive issue in politics. 
 Britain announced the Wednesday hanging tax of just once, with a tax of fifty per cent, bonuses for banking that exceed the 25,000 pounds (approximately 712,000 CZK). 
 France is also preparing similar measures. 
