 The lack of snow in the mountains of concern to the hotel 
 Not only the peacekeepers of Telesquíes in Krkonoše are about the runways without snow. 
 The lack of snow makes people do not reserve ski stays in hotels and pensions. 
 That is why, in Krkonoše can still be free rooms for all winter dates, including for Christmas Eve and Nochevieja. 
 We have many visitors in our pages. 
 People looked look offers, checked prices, but still fear of book with commitment. 
 And if we call, they ask immediately on our opinion, if this Christmas there will be snow or mud, "mentioned the mantenedor of information portal Jandura Martin Jandura. 
 Those who want to move in a Špindlerův Mlýn a according to their expectations, should not hesitate more in reserve the stay. 
 Those who prefer to save money and put the quality of accommodation in second place, may try to wait a few more days. 
 The hotel of Špindlerův Mlýn offer especially all weekly stays for Nochevieja. 
 The repetition is the mother of wisdom 
 It is comical that Barack Obama, the president with the reputation of the man intelligent man, as a diligent student repeats in the Afghan question the strategy of his predecessor, he took on the most stupid. 
 When finally revealed his Afghan approach, looking forward, demonstrated that there is a copy of the script used to Iraq by Bush, established three years ago. 
 Not only in the same text uses used several times the phrase “ like in Iraq ", but did not hesitate to use the title of Bush's statement of January 2007 for his own statement:" a new way forward ". 
 It was he who three years ago criticized the idea of send new military reinforcements to Iraq, the country that is suffering by the civil war, and that criticized it as "an irresponsible decision and with catastrophic consequences". 
 The following month, however, showed that the Bush strategy, based on the recommendations of captains of field, was the only possible and successful, so that today are not nothing about Iraq in the news. 
 The reputation of Bush did not improved, however objectively left his successor an initial situation much more favourable than expected. 
 In Afghanistan, Barack Obama hopes to repeat the miracle. 
 The captains of field to ask him to increase the military contingent, especially the commander-in-chief of the Afghan operation General Stanley Mccristal. He, even though the traditional subordinate relations, submitted to the rifles undecided in the White House to a harsh criticism. 
 Requested 40,000 men in order to improve the situation. 
 The managers of the bank Goldman Sachs will not receive the cash bonuses 
 Senior executives of the US bank Goldman Sachs will not receive this year bonuses in cash. 
 The entity as announced to react to the harsh criticism of its pay practices. 
 The group of 30 senior managers will receive, instead of money, actions that cannot be sold at a minimum period of five years. 
 Moreover, the actions may be withdrawn in the event that had assumed excessive risks. 
 According to Reuters, Goldman Sachs thus became the leader in the effort to unite the bonuses on Wall Street with the power in the long term. 
 I suppose that Wall Street is fully aware of the way journey that should undertake, mentioned the former banking investor of the entity JPMorgan Douglas Elliott. 
 The devil is in the details, he added. 
 The bank Goldman Sachs faced criticism after having almost $17 billion (almost 300 billion Czk) for the bonuses, in the first three quarters of this year. 
 The total amount of bonuses in the entity for this year, according to the agency Reuters, probably exceed, despite the measure announced today, the $20 dollars. 
 The high bonuses in the banking sector became, with the arrival of the financial crisis, in a sensitive issue in politics. 
 Britain announced on Wednesday that it plans to tax at once, with a tax of 50 per cent, the bonuses for exceed the 25,000 pounds (approximately 712,000 CZK). 
 France is also preparing similar measures. 
