The lack of snow in the mountains is concerned about the hotel
Not only the lifts in Krkonoše maintainers are concerned about the tracks without snow .
The lack of snow makes people not book stays in hotels and guesthouses ski .
That is why , in Krkonoše still are available free rooms for all winter dates , including for Christmas Eve and new year .
We have many visitors in our pages .
People look at the offers , check prices , but still afraid to reserve commitment .
" And if you call us , immediately ask about our opinion , if this Christmas snow or mud , " mentioned the maintainer information portal Spindl.Info Martin Jandura .
Those who want to spend in Špindlerův resort a new year according to expectations , not should doubt more setting aside the stay .
Those who prefer to save the money and put the quality of accommodation in second place , they can try waiting a few days .
Špindlerův resort hotel offer especially weekly stays for new year .
USA : Repetition is the mother of wisdom
It is that Barack Obama , the President with the reputation of the smarter as a diligent student repeats in the Afghan issue the strategy of its predecessor , which he same took by the silly man comic .
When finally revealed his Afghan approach waited anxiously , showed that it is a copy of the script used for Iraq by Bush , created three years ago .
Not only in the same text is used several times the phrase " as in Iraq " , they do not hesitate to use the title of the Declaration of January 2007 Bush to his own statement : " A new way forward " .
He was himself , who three years ago criticized the idea of sending military reinforcements to Iraq , the country is experiencing civil war Bush . And that criticized as " a decision irresponsible , with catastrophic consequences " .
The following months , however , showed that Bush field , captains recommendations-based strategy was the only possible and successful , so that today no mention nothing of Iraq in the news .
Bush reputation did not improve , but objectively left his successor a much more favourable initial situation of what was expected .
In Afghanistan , Barack Obama expected to repeat the miracle .
Masters of field again ask that increased military contingent upon all the Afghan operation commander-in-Chief general Stanley McCristal . He even in spite of the traditional subordinate relations underwent undecided at the White House to a harsh criticism rifle .
Requested 40,000 men in order to improve the situation .
The Goldman Sachs bank managers will not receive the bonuses in cash
Senior executives of the American Bank Goldman Sachs does not receive this year the bonuses in cash .
The entity announced it to react to harsh criticism of their wage practices .
The 30 senior management group receives instead of money , actions that may not be sold at least five years .
In addition , actions may be withdrawn should have taken excessive risks .
According to agency Reuters , Goldman Sachs and became the leader in the effort to unite in Wall Street bonuses with the power in the long term .
I suppose that Wall Street is fully aware of the longest road that must be undertaken , and mentioned former banking investor entity JPMorgan Douglas Elliott .
The problem is in the details , he added .
The Goldman Sachs Bank faced criticism after having removed almost $ 17 billion ( nearly 300 billion CZK ) for the bonuses , in the first three quarters of this year .
The sum total of the bonuses in the entity for this year , according to Reuters , agency probably exceed , in spite of the measures announced today , the $ 20 billion .
The high bonuses in the banking sector became , with the arrival of the financial crisis , in a sensitive issue in politics .
Great Britain announced on Wednesday that plans to tax at once with a tax of 50 per cent , the bonuses for Bank exceeded 25,000 pounds ( approximately 712.000 CZK ) .
France is also developing similar measures .
