Lack of snow in mountains causes problems for hoteliers
It 's not only Krkonoše ski-lift operators who are worried by these bare slopes .
The lack of snow is putting people off booking ski holidays in hotels and guest houses .
This means vacancies are still available in the Krkonoše throughout the winter , including Christmas and New Year 's Eve .
We 're getting plenty of visitors to our site .
People are browsing the offers , checking prices , but , so far , are worried about making a definite booking .
" When they call , the first thing they ask is if we think they 'll see snow or mud , " says Martin Jandura , who runs the Spindl.Info information web site .
Anyone who wants to spend New Year 's Eve in Špindlerův Mlýn just how they want , had better start thinking about booking soon .
Those preferring to save money and go for cheaper accommodation can still give it a few days .
Hoteliers in Špindlerův Mlýn are so far just offering week-long stays for New Year 's Eve .
USA : Repetition is the mother of wisdom
It 's almost funny to see how Barack Obama , reputedly the wisest president , is trying so hard in the matter of the Afghan war to repeat the strategy of his predecessor , having himself considered him to be the most foolish .
When he finally came out with his long-awaited Afghan doctrine , it appeared that he had made a carbon copy of Bush 's Iraq scenario three years earlier .
It 's not just that in the text itself he repeatedly uses the words " just like in Iraq " , but he even went as far as to use the name of Bush 's declaration from January 2007 as the title of his own declaration : " The new way forward " .
While three years ago he himself criticised Bush 's idea to send fresh troops to help in the beleaguered civil war in Iraq as " an irresponsible decision with catastrophic consequences " .
The following months , however , showed that Bush 's strategy , which was recommended by his field commanders , was the only possible course of action and so successful that there are no reports in the news about Iraq .
It did n't help Bush 's reputation , but in objective terms , it left his successor in a much more favourable position than might be expected .
Barack Obama hopes that , in Afghanistan , the miracle will repeat itself .
He was again asked to increase the military contingent by his field commanders , particularly the supreme commander of the Afghan operation General Stanley McChrystal , who even went against the custom of his subordinates to harshly criticise the reluctant gunners in the White House .
He asked for 40 thousand men to turn the situation around .
Managers at Goldman Sachs no longer to receive cash bonuses
The top management of the American bank Goldman Sachs will not receive their bonuses in cash this year .
The announcement came from the company as a reaction to the harsh criticism of their salary policies .
Instead of money , the group of 30 top managers will receive shares , which cannot be sold for another five years .
The shares can also be confiscated if the managers take excessive risks .
According to Reuters , Goldman Sachs is leading the effort to link Wall Street bonuses with long-term performance .
I assume that Wall Street is well aware of the broader path it has to take , said former investment banker for JPMorgan , Douglas Elliott .
The problem lies in the details , he added .
Goldman Sachshas been targeted by critics since it set aside almost 17 billion dollars ( almost 300 billion crowns ) for bonuses in the first three quarters of this year .
Reuters claims that the total bonuses awarded by the business this year , despite today 's announcement , exceeds 20 billion dollars .
High bonuses in the banking sector , what with the economic crisis , have become a political hot potato .
On Wednesday , Britain announced that it had decided to charge a one-off fifty percent tax rate on bankers ' bonuses exceeding 25,000 pounds ( around 712,000 CZK ) .
France is preparing similar measures .
